# IMPunajb Bootcamp
IMPunjab Bootcamp Ludhiana: Startups awarded Rs 1 Lac to nurture their business plans Mohali, 14 December 2022: Innovation Mission Punjab, a unique private-public partnership that aims to build, empower and act as a catalyst for local startup communities in Punjab, concluded its second Bootcamp at STEP-GNDEC, Ludhiana. The Bootcamp was organized to enable the entrepreneurs to create a solid business plan, communicate and synergize to create opportunities for further growth. 
IMPunjab Bootcamp was rigorous two-day training for prototype/product stage startups to build their capacity and nudge them to start thinking about a startup's various functions which include costs, technology, revenues, partners, operations, supply chain, customer relations and numerous other basics of business. During the workshop, we had experts decode the business model canvas as well as mentors on the dynamics of customer acquisition for entrepreneurs. 
A cohort of 15 startups from the entrepreneurial capital of Punjab participated in the workshop. The entrepreneurs gained a thorough understanding of the business model canvas, marketing strategy and customer-centricity approach for their startups. They also acquired knowledge of the basics of unit economics and how to pitch their business plans. The Startups that participated included startups: Deeptech startups( Kalki Aerospace, Krishak Mitra, Green Innovotech), app based startups( kurmaian.com. Pregofit.com) & med-tech startups (Homeoz). Startups had novel business ideas which were given concrete shape by the facilitators. They were given tips to make their ideas workable. At the end of the event, the Top 2 entrepreneurs won in the pitch round 50000 and were awarded total prize money of INR One Lakh.
The jury for the event comprised industry professionals and a mix of entrepreneurs and startup enablers from the region Mr. Abhishek Purohit, Head of Accelerator, Dr. Arvind Dhingra Executive Director (STEP-GNDEC), Mr. Dheeraj MehndiRatta founder of wrky.ai.
Concerning the initiative, Abhishek Purohit, Head - Accelerator, IMPunjab said, “Punjabi entrepreneurs are people who are risk-takers with a strong grit, however, face the challenge of converting an idea into a business opportunity and eventually a startup.
Dr. Arvind Dhingra, Executive Director, STEP-GNDEC endorsed Mr. Purohit's vision that such kind of bootcamps will serve as a platform for reinforcing entrepreneurial spirits among budding entrepreneurs & youth of Punjab. IMPunjab organized this Boot camp to help entrepreneurs understand the several functions of a startup such as marketing, finance, sales, revenues, value proposition, partners and resources along with its practical use cases.” 
The pitching session also helped the startups on how to approach the ecosystem and get investment ready. In this workshop Mr. Dhaval Kaku, Mr. Ashish Mehta & Mr. Arshdeep Singh were the main Spokesman & Mr. Ravinder Dev, Ms. Gurpreet Kaur & Mr. Munish Sharma were the event Coordinator.